AWS- SQS added credentials - access and secret keys (#12135)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-SQS/ReleaseNotes/1_1_0.md

#### Integrations
##### AWS - SQS

> - Added support of *access key* and *secret key* on instance configuration 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support of *access key* and *secret key* to the instance configuration.
```

> - Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/boto3:2.0.0.19307

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgraded the Docker image to: *demisto/boto3:2.0.0.19307*.
```
